Heat
I need not vision nor hearing. I could recognize you by the way you touched my hand. Even if I were blind and weak, without a glimmer of light to reach my eyes nor an iota of strength to lift my limbs, my hands could still find their way into yours. I know the way that you would take my hand into yours. The gentle warmth that would envelop it, the lines and grooves in your hand that I've felt ten thousand times before. How you subconsciously fiddle with your hand, finding just the right way to interlock hands, subconsciously deciding whether to intertwine fingers today or simply clasp hands. You have many different sleeves and jackets that subtly change the sensation of holding your hand, but I have all of them memorized and they are all as familiar as an old friend. By touch alone, you could be recognized. 

I know the way that you would hold me as well. I need only to slightly push your arm up and it would all begin. It starts by your arm making its way around me and embracing me in a cocoon of heat. You bring your arm up first, above my head, then gently push your arm forwards to tilt my head a bit to create the space needed as you drop it around my shoulder, finally you pull me just slightly so I have to move just a bit closer to you. Just enough that no matter what I do, some part of me would always have to be touching you. My arm against your shoulder, my side touching yours, it does not matter. Your hand dangling on my shoulder, allowing me to grasp your hand in mine, slowly reveling in that tactile sensation, feeling the bumps and the grooves of your finger joints. You create a woven bed of warmth so intense, my darling jacket I leave on the side for you. Without it, the heat becomes a soothing force to immerse myself in. A cradle formed from a person I trusted.

I could recognize you by the way you let me dip my head down onto your chest and listen to your heart slowly beat, a gentle constant rhythm. A soothing beat that promises safety, to make the world slow down as I listen to that unceasing pulse. As I listen, I can also feel the way your chest rises and falls with your every breath, and even the way you softly drew breath itself, enough to breathe but not enough to disturb, to force me to move. And so I stay curled up next to you, on you, with your hair brushed to the other side. A peaceful snuggle that I dare not close my eyes in case I fall asleep in your embrace; I wish not to sleep away what little time I have in your presence but remember it as clearly, always. All of these sensations, etched permanently into my mind. Just when I thought that I could not hold you any closer, you let me drape my other arm around your stomach. Now I had one arm underneath yours going around your shoulder, one around your stomach and my head tucked into your chest. You had your arm still around my shoulder gently pulling me in. Thus, time crawled to a stop as it marched inexorably forwards. It became a continual hug, a lattice of warmth that I never wanted to end. You might have needed something to always do, but I could have reveled in all the different ways we were touching until our time together ended.

I could recognize you by smell, a scent both distinctive and indescribable. Would it be like the way the grass and earth smelled after a fresh rainstorm or more like the way laundry fresh out of the dryer smelled? Hard to quantify, harder to say. The closest earthly scent that matches yours is thus; a fresh hearty brew of coffee on a cold morning. The warmth, the slight hint of earthiness, the sense of safety best matched your earthly aura. It refreshed, it brought new strength into my limbs, it reminded me of you. But one thing was for certain no matter what; the way that you changed how my clothes smelt for hours afterwards was a gift only you had. How I could close my eyes and still feel your presence all around me. The light breeze could have just been your hair tickling my cheek for a moment. The phantom pressure from where your arm laid on my shoulder for all those hours could not have been replicated by anyone else, for no one else would dare to even try. The warmth of the sun on my face could have been simply heat coming from you. It does not matter how you or I might change, if we both became unrecognizable shells of a person, if it had been forever and day since I saw you, if I had lost every single one of my senses, I would still recognize who you were.
